[OR-1541] Upgrade o3-chrome-extension to o3-grid v2 (#2162)
Financial-Times/origami: tools/o3-chrome-extension/README.md

- `popup.html`
- `popup.css`
- `popup.js`

For a quick introduction to Chrome extension components, see the [Chrome Extension Tutorials](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/get-started/tutorial/hello-world)

## Setting up the Development Environment

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
3. Start the development server with `npm run dev`. This will watch for changes and build files into the `dist` folder.
   <br />For a production build, use `npm run build-prod`.
4. _(Optional)_ Install [Extensions Reloader](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/extensions-reloader/fimgfedafeadlieiabdeeaodndnlbhid) for automatic reloading of the extension in development mode.
5. Open Chrome and go to (`chrome://extensions/`).
6. Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` folder from the `o3-chrome-extension` project directory.
7. File changes in the `src` folder will trigger automatic updates. Changes in the `public` folder require manual reloading the extension in Chrome.

## Updating the extension

There are a few steps involved in updating and publishing the Chrome extension onto the Web Store for FT staff to use.

### Publishing the extension

> To publish, we will need to do the following steps which has been broken up in sections below. To understand the process of updating the Chrome extension, is is advisable to spend a few moments reading up on the documentation.

Reviewer: To use an active voice: https://origami.ft.com/contribution/tone-and-language/#use-the-active-voice

```suggestion
To publish, we will need to do the following steps which has been broken up in sections below. To understand the process of updating the Chrome extension, we advise you spend a few moments reading up on the documentation.
```

Author: I need to train ChatGPT to use the Origami Contribution Tone & Language. One for later for sure. I'll make the changes 😄
